March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/university-of-bristol.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (University of Bristol)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at University of Bristol'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at University of Bristol, UK'
```

shortTitle: 'University of Bristol'
type: 'hackathon'
startDate: '2025-03-17'
startTime: '09:00+00:00'
endDate: '2025-03-19'
endTime: '17:00+00:00'
locations:

>   - name: University of Bristol
>     address: |
>       Maybe a meeting space or a Library team meeting pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - name: University of Bristol
```
